= itunes-receipt

Handle iTunes In App Purchase Receipt Verification.

== Installation

  gem install itunes-receipt

== Usage

   require 'itunes/receipt'
   
   # pass Base64 encoded raw receipt data which you received from your iOS app
   receipt = Itunes::Receipt.verify! 'ewoJInNpZ25hdHVyZSIgPSAi...'
   receipt.product_id     # => 'com.example.products.100gems'
   receipt.transaction_id # => '1234567890'
    :

See lib/itunes/receipt.rb for more attributes.

If you want to accept iTunes sandbox receipts, do like this.
With <code>allow_sandbox_receipt</code> option specified, this gem post given receipt data to iTunes production first, and when iTunes production tells it's sandbox receipt, re-send it to iTunes sandbox again automatically.
Without this option, this gem just raises an exception.

  receipt = Itunes::Receipt.verify! 'ewoJInNpZ25hdHVyZSIgPSAi...', :allow_sandbox_receipt
  receipt.sandbox? # => true/false

If you want to accept ONLY iTunes sandbox receipts (in your stable server etc.), call <code>Itunes.sandbox!</code> somewhere before you call <code>Itunes::Receipt.verify!</code>.
Then all verification call after that goes to iTunes sandbox, until you do <code>Itunes.sandbox = false</code>.

== Note on Patches/Pull Requests

* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2011 nov matake. See LICENSE for details.
